[3.2] docs(radiogroup): Revamped RadioGroup Overview (#825)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/radiogroup/overview.md

The <a href="https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/radiogroup" target="_blank">Blazor RadioGroup component</a> allows the user to choose an option from a predefined set of choices presented in a list of radio buttons styled according to the Telerik [Theme]({%slug general-information/themes%}). You can also choose its [layout order]({%slug radiogroup-layout%}) and [label position]({%slug radiogroup-label-position%}).

## Creating Blazor RadioGroup

1. Add the `<TelerikRadioGroup>` tag to a Razor file.

2. Populate its `Data` property with the collection of items you want in the list.

3. Set the `Value` parameter to an object. It supports one-way and two-way binding.

> 4. Set the `TextField` and `ValueField` properties to point to the corresponding names of the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set the `TextField` and `ValueField` properties to point to the corresponding properties of the model.
```

}
````

## Data Binding

The Blazor RadioGroup supports data binding to primitive types and a model. [Read more about the Blazor RadioGroup data binding]({%slug radiogroup-databind%}).

## Layout

The RadioGroup component provides two ways to render the list of options - in a *vertical* or in a *horizontal* fashion. [Read more about the Blazor RadioGroup layouts]({%slug radiogroup-layout%}).

## Label Position

> The RadioGroup component provides two ways to render the labels of the radio buttons - *before* or *after* the buttons themselves. [Read more about the Blazor RadioGroup label position]({%slug radiogroup-label-position%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RadioGroup component provides two ways to render the labels of the radio buttons - *before* or *after* the radio buttons. [Read more about the Blazor RadioGroup label position]({%slug radiogroup-label-position%}).
```

## Appearance Settings

> The Blazor RadioGroup has settings for customizing the button appearance. [Read more about the Blazor RadioGroup settings]({%slug radiogroup-appearance%}).

Reviewer: The setting is just one, so we might as well mention it.

```suggestion
The Blazor RadioGroup has settings for customizing the button appearance. [Read more about the Blazor RadioGroup settings]({%slug radiogroup-appearance%}).
```

## Events

> The Blazor RadioGroup fires value change and blur events that you can handle and further customize its behavior. [Read more about the Blazor RadioGroup events]({%slug radiogroup-events%}).

Reviewer: Simpler (shorter) items first - makes it easier to read. We are usually not customizing the component behavior, but the application behavior.

```suggestion
The Blazor RadioGroup fires blur and value change events to respond to user actions. [Read more about the Blazor RadioGroup events]({%slug radiogroup-events%}).
```

## RadioGroup Parameters

The Blazor RadioGroup provides various parameters to configure the component. Also check the [RadioGroup public API](https://docs.telerik.com/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.TelerikRadioGroup-2).

<style>
    article style + table {
        table-layout: auto;
        word-break: normal;
    }
</style>
| Parameter | Type and Default Value | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `Class` | `string` | The CSS class that will be rendered on the main wrapping `<ul class="k-radio-list">` element. |

Reviewer: Using inline code as adjective will make it hard to read. Follow the same explanation structure on all rows - either start with a verb, or a noun.

```suggestion
| `Class` | `string` | Renders a custom CSS class for the main wrapping element, which is `<ul class="k-radio-list">`. |
```

| `Enabled` | `bool` <br /> (`true`) | Whether the component is enabled. |
| `Id` | `string` | Renders as the id attribute on the main wrapping `<ul class="k-radio-list">` element. |
| `LabelPosition` | `RadioGroupLabelPosition` enum <br /> (`After`) | Whether the labels render after or before the radio button itself. |
| `Layout` | `RadioGroupLayout` enum <br /> (`Vertical`) | Whether the buttons are rendered vertically or horizontally. |

> | `Name` | `string` | Lets you choose your own `name` attribute for the underying `<input type=radio>` elements. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Name` | `string` | Sets a `name` attribute to the `<input type="radio">` elements. |
```
